feat(scheduler): add init scheduler documentation (#998)
UserOfficeProject/user-office-core: documentation/docs/user-guide/scheduler.md

# Scheduler :material-calendar-month:

_________________________________________________________________________________________________________

## What is the Scheduler?

The Scheduler section of the DUO ESS application allows instrument scientists to plan and manage time slots for the use of equipment and instruments. This feature is accessible via the calendar interface, where users can view, organize, and modify beam time slots. The module also allows filtering of time slots based on various criteria for efficient scheduling.  

_________________________________________________________________________________________________________

## Accessing the Scheduler Interface

The scheduling module is not accessible by default within the core part of the DUO ESS application. Instead, scheduling is managed through a separate interface. Users must navigate to the dedicated scheduling URL:  
[test-sun-scheduler.example.com](test-sun-scheduler.example.com) (example link)  

> The core application remains accessible at `test-sun-duo.example.com`, and scheduling must be accessed separately.

Reviewer: The example URLs are a bit confusing. Would it be sufficient to mention something like this? 

```Since it is dedicated Application, the User Office Scheduler comes with its own URL, which is usually different from that of User Office Core. However, It depends on how the Infrastructure is built. ```

_________________________________________________________________________________________________________

## Prerequisites

### System Requirements
- A supported web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc.).

### Essential Configuration
- The scheduling module must be deployed and activated to allow access.

> - Users must have appropriate permissions as Instrument Scientists or administrators (useroffice) to access and modify scheduling data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users must have appropriate permissions as Instrument Scientists or administrators (User Officer) to access and modify scheduling data.
```

> ### Linking Proposals

Reviewer: Could we mention explicitly that this should be done in the User Office Core application by the Admin(User Officer).

> - Scheduling is tied to Calls for each proposal which must be correctly associated with planned time slots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scheduling is tied to Calls for each Proposal which must be correctly associated with planned time slots.
```

- Proposals in **SCHEDULING** status will appear in the calendar, and administrators can assign time slots accordingly.
- It is necessary to check the **RabbitMQ** box in the **SCHEDULING** status of the Call Workflow to allow the proposal to be processed in the scheduler. To enable this:
  1. Click on the **SCHEDULING** status in your workflow tree.

    ![scheduler_wf](../assets/images/scheduler_wf.png)

  2. Click on **Status Actions**.

    ![scheduler_wf_status](../assets/images/scheduler_wf_status.png)

>   3. Check the **RabbitMQ** box.

Author: Given that the checkbox is visible within the application and is required to enable communication between the Scheduler and the core application, I thought it would be valuable to inform users about this aspect when creating their workflows.
This would ensures that the necessary configurations are set up for seamless communication between the two systems.

    ![scheduler_wf_rabbit](../assets/images/scheduler_wf_rabbit.png)

You can now put your proposal in **SCHEDULING** status and allocate time slots, so it will appear in the scheduler.

![scheduler_pre_status](../assets/images/scheduler_pre_status.png)

![scheduler_pre_allocate](../assets/images/scheduler_pre_allocate.png)

_________________________________________________________________________________________________________

## Interface

### Left Panel
The left panel displays the different menus available in the DUO ESS application. The default page is **Calendar**, where all planned time slots are visualized. Additional menus, such as **Equipment List** and **Equipment Request**, will be added to manage equipment and related requests.

![scheduler_menu](../assets/images/scheduler_menu.png)

### Calendar Page

> The calendar interface is dedicated to **Instrument Scientists** and allows them to view planned time slots on a calendar. Scheduling is done with a minimum granularity of **1 hour**, unlike shifts (**8-hour time slots**) used for other types of scheduling.

Author: I'll delete this part wich could lead to misunderstanding
